This is my Facebook post. Copied and pasted. Occurrence was inside Land Between the Lakes National Forest, Hillman Ferry Campground at Campsite B 43. Well. I made sure we secured the most backcountry spot where you can dump camp. I wanted away from loud people. So it is empty and quiet; covered with plenty of trees. So at about 4am, I wake up, instantly. I ask my wife what's the matter. She simply whispered she was scared. I ask about what. She said she heard noises out in the woods. Now normally, I would ask her to go back to sleep, that there's nothing wrong. But this time. Suddenly, about maybe five or six owls start hooting. And they're going non stop, back to back. Then the coyotes begin howling with them. And then every bird wakes up and begins their story. They go on continuously for about thirty seconds. Suddenly, they all stop. And so I know this is completely unusual. Then we hear it. Clump, Clump, Clump, Clump. Branches were breaking, wood was cracking with each step. And I'm like okay, that's a biped. But a human, unless it was intentionally trying to be frightening, wouldn't be tromping around. And an adult would know and expect people to have firearms. Also, the terrain would be too difficult to simply decide to go for a stroll in the woods in the middle of the night, with no guarantee to meet somebody to scare. During the day, the forest is too dense for hunting. I know there are no bears, I know it's not a deer, or any other woodland creature that is common here. So. It keeps getting closer and closer. So I cough really loud. No change in its cadence. It sounded like how I would sound walking through the woods. Heavy and sweating, full of complaints. These steps were loud. So I get out. The flashlight is in the truck. I go to the truck and rummage around for it. And I'm naked, carrying a knife in my mouth, searching through the vehicle. So I find it, and then start searching the treeline. I see nothing. But the steps stop. So, I start up the vehicle and point it towards the woods. I turn on the high beams. Nothing. I get out, turn off the lights. Start to head back to the tent, and then suddenly: Boom, boom, boom. It runs off. Tree limbs were breaking, trees were swaying. And I could hear it exhale as it ran. Sound like a combination of a boar and a man. And so, if you're familiar with Land Between the Lakes, there's a huge dogman or big foot phenomenon here. Tons of stories on YouTube about here. So I don't know. We both experienced it. Pretty crazy.