My husband and I are visiting family in Sandy Hook. On the evening of the 18th, at about 7:30, we got in the car to make a quick run to Sandy Hook. It was very cold, (it was already dark as well), so he started up the car to let it warm before we took off. As we were waiting, he called his grandmother -- because of the call time on his phone, we know what time this all occurred. While he was talking to her, his low fuel light came on, and they wrapped up the call at 7:45. We pulled out of the driveway and headed down the road. He was going a little faster than normal because we were a little nervous we'd run out of gas if we dilly-dallied too much. As we got into the curve about a quarter of a mile from my mom's house, I spotted something in the hollow ahead of us. It was almost out of the range of his headlights, and by my calculations, about 75-100 feet away from us. Now this all happened very very quickly, but because I am observant, especially when it comes to spotting deer crossing the road, I was able to make this observation within a couple of seconds. What I saw first was presumably an animal standing on the edge of the opposite lane. I leaned forward and scrutinized closer. Just before I could scream out, "DEER IN THE ROAD!" the creature began to walk very quickly, and at that moment I realized it had two legs, not four. At some point I started screaming, "Turn on your brights! There's something in the road!" All the while, I'm looking at this thing which is very big in stature, thick legs, thick abdomen, and (again by my calculations) at least 7 ft tall. It was the color of a tree, specifically the trees in that area, so like a grayish-brown, very earthy-tone. The area where I assume a face would be was lighter in color, but I couldn't tell what color. I know this because it turned its head and looked straight at our car. My husband saw movement and he saw what he described as a strange shadow, but he did not see the creature. Only I saw the creature, and in fairly good detail. Again, it happened so quickly though, I didn't get to see feet, hands or facial details like eyes and mouth. One thing I thought was interesting was the direction it was coming from. It was coming from a very tall and steep mountain, and when it hurried across the road, it must have gone off a very steep cliff, as that is the only place it could have gone. This cliff drops off onto Pruetts Fork Road, which is also very wooded and secluded. After we came back from our errand, we drove slowly and tried to inspect the area, but came up empty handed. That night, the neighborhood dogs were behaving very strangely, barking and howling all night long. One of them even acted as if he could see something in the distance, and began to growl and stalk before he took off to chase it. It was a very weird night.