Hi, I am a Corporal police officer in central Missouri. I have had two accounts with bigfoots. First I was night fishing with my uncle when a large hairy thing came down a huge bluff making tons of noise I hit it with a spotlight across the river. The figure was crouched down on the bank looking and rocking side to side. I could not make out a face though. I shut the light off asked my uncle "what is that?" he didn't reply. I heard a second one coming down the bluff crashing and bashing. I hit the light again, I couldn't see the other one at that time. I heard a splash as the first bigfoot jumped in water 5 or 6 foot deep and the water was about the bottom of the rib cage. I turned to my uncle who took off running as I followed not looking back. In 2014 My wife and I went hiking as we were hiking I heard a cow growl across the road across 3 fences. I told my wife I have heard it before. I grew up in the country I have hunted all my life I am not scared of any human or animal till these encounters with bigfoot. The growl came across the county road and along the bluff bottom as we walked it traveled over two hundred yards within two min's. It growled again so close my hair stood on end I told my wife get behind me after hearing the growl I pulled my glock 40 ready to fire. I was shaking not with fear with what I heard and could not see. I stood there over ten min's gun ready and never seen or heard the growl again. Now google a cow growling and intense that 5 fold. I know the difference of a bear or a wild pig I have hunted them both I have never seen or heard things like these before. the first property is public the second is private and the third place I will not go into. I will show yo the 2000 acres and send you to where they are but I will not go in there even fully armed. I have been a cop 5 years never pulled my gun once I am not a push over or scaredy cat I will throw down in a drop of a hat. But I am telling you this place where the bigfoots are I will not go no if ands buts about it. I will take you there the rest is up to you guys to get evidence you will get. Respectfully Submitted (Name and title omitted)