I have to apologize about not posting my sighting sooner simply because most folks just laugh and look at you as a fruit cake or something. However, this makes my second sighting of a Big Foot. My son and I was bow hunting in Reynolds county Mo, and I decided to hunt a pond where deer was using it consistently. To make a long story short, I got settled in a tree behind the pond where I could watch a hollower leading up to the pond and a log road running past the pond as well. So around 5 pm I noticed how quiet the woods became. The squirrels I had been watching disappeared, the birds became silent, so I started to become concerned of human activity. So I began to search the woods to see if someone was in the area when this large black figure appeared walking down the other side of this hollower I had set up to watch. At first I thought this was a man. But as it kept walking I noticed how massive it was, and all of a sudden it stopped and took two steps backwards and turned and looked straight at me. It was then I realized that this is not a man but a Big Foot. As this creature looked at me, I could clearly see its eyes and nose. I could see flesh around its eyes and cheeks and also see hair covering its face as well. It stood there looking at me for I guess a good fifteen or twenty seconds, then turned and walked on down the ridge and disappeared into the woods. Needless to say, I was scared out of my mind and refused to climb down the tree, but it was getting dark and I knew I had to meet my son back out on the main road. Finally I got up the nerve and came down. So I walked over to where I saw it and looked back to the tree I was in, and then it became clear that what I had seen could not have been a man, because he would not have been tall enough to have been seen over the underbrush. This creature was at least seven and a half or eight foot tall. When I met up with my son I asked him if he met or passed anybody or vehicles on his way to pick me up, and he said no then I told him what I saw.