It was a couple of weeks before the 1994 deer "gun season", which started the week after Thanksgiving. My uncle and I were out checking game trails and picking out places to sit for hunting season so we would know each others location. We had hunted this area for a couple of years for deer, turkey, rabbits and squirrels. We always had a weird feeling about the place. It was always dead quiet in the woods. Birds didn't sing, chipmunks didn't chirp. You would see them, but nothing made a sound. We always carry a gun when in the woods or fishing because of coyotes and wild dogs. For some reason or another we were heavily armed that day. Both of us were carrying a 12 gauge shotgun and a .44 mag pistol.  We had been in the woods for most of the day. It was about 4:00 pm  when we started back to the truck. My uncle was about 30 feet ahead of me when I saw the movement of something big to our right. I stopped to see what it was, but my uncle didn't see it because he kept walking to truck. I didn't yell for him to stop, because I didn't want to scare whatever it was before I could get a better look. It was about 35 yards away and walked upright like a person, but it wasn't. It was about 7 feet tall, 4 feet across the shoulders and covered with dark brown hair that was about 4 inches long. It didn't have a neck, it's head was kind of down in it's shoulders. I watched it walk about 50 or 60 feet. As I'm watching it walk I had my pistol aimed at it. I was about to pull the trigger, when something in my head told me not to. There could have been more than just the one I was watching. Still watching it I was scared although I had enough firepower to kill anything in the woods. I lost sight of it in a thicker part of the woods. I caught up with my uncle, but I didn't tell him what I had seen. Knowing he would want to go looking for it and I didn't want anything to do with it. I just wanted to get out of there. It was a little over week before I told him about it. He said just what I knew he would say, " You should have said something, we would of gone looking for it". It's been many years since I've been in that area, but I can still see it and feel the fear just as clear as the day it happened.