November 26th, 2016. A friend and I were taking a walk out at Days River Trail on the outskirts of Gladstone, MI.  in the Upper Peninsula. We arrived around 7 p.m.  My friend didn’t want to be there in the dark but I am an intuitive medium and I have no fear of the dark with the things I deal with. I have been to Days River Trail many times during my lifetime but only within this last year has this place been an interest to me to see what it feels like at night. We decided to walk the outer trail once we cross the bridge over the river. We took a right after the bridge and before we hit the corner we looked up and saw this light, high up to our left, up over a small ridge. It was a bright light, shining but not moving at all. Still. We took our mini flashlights and were trying to see what it was or where it was coming from and then started talking loud and it did not move, not at all. We kept walking, not long after the first corner we heard something walking to our right which is on the river side and it would have been down an embankment. It was definitely on two feet not 4. I grew up in the country and know a lot of what animals sound like.  My friend was worried and asked me what I thought, I didn’t want her to run so I said I think it’s a deer let’s keep moving.  We got farther into the woods and started looping in the inside trails and it was a beautiful night, not too cold and somewhat clear out. We came to a place where there is a bench and a fire pit. We stopped there for about an hour and just talked since we don’t see each other often. Both of us felt like we were being watched but not in a dangerous way. I usually “see” things wherever I go since I am an intuitive/medium. I couldn’t “see” anything this night just had a feeling of being watched. As we left and started walking the trail around the other side of the forest, (we would be eventually coming out to the left after the bridge.) We could smell something that was skunk like but not really. I can’t describe it.  Bad body odor? skunk?. That smell stayed with us for a bit then disappeared. As we got closer to the bridge we were both feeling like it was time to go, it was close to 10 p.m. now and BTW we were the only people out there. Typically no one walks out there alone or in groups at night.  (Just for FYI reasons to there is a meat packing plant across the road from the entrance to this trailway.) We crossed the bridge, and started hearing this “crying” noise that made the hair stand up on the back of my neck. I had never heard anything like this. I am 50. I grew up in the woods. I feel like I know animal noises. This was something different. It kept calling or crying until we got to the beginning of where we started. I felt like whatever/whoever it was didn’t want us to leave.  My friend thought it was a wounded animal. At first I did too but after listening and deciphering I know this was something completely out of my scope of what I know. I started doing research the moment I got home. I am convinced I experienced the all elusive Bigfoot. I found audio from others on Youtube that matched exactly what we heard. I went back a few days later alone during the day around 1 p.m. I decided to go directly to the left after the bridge and made my way to the area about where the  calling or crying would have come from. I stopped at this very large tree and just stood there patiently waiting. Maybe 10 minutes after I got there, I heard it again, this time it seemed farther away and less of a crying and more of a whistling , to me it felt like whatever this is was just letting me know it knew I was back. I didn’t stay long because in my intuitive vision I saw a cougar/mountain lion and know that they have been seen out here before and caught on camera. So, I thanked whatever was out there for letting me “hear” it again and went on my way to document this experience.