Back in 1999, I moved to Leona, in Leon County, Texas.  The house was an old victorian with a huge S-shaped porch.  It had not been lived in (before me) for 17 years yet, it had been used temporarily as a hunting lodge.  The house was located on the front 40 acres of a large 600 acre piece of property.  This property was bordered in the front, by Hwy 1119 and in the back, by Boggy Creek (the Texas Boggy Creek.)  There was no other house in sight or within a quarter of a mile. I moved there with my two younger children, who were 6 and 8 years old.  They were not accustomed to living in the country.  At night, to the north of us, near where Boggy Creek crossed Hwy 1119, my children and I would hear very loud howls.  They did not sound like a wolf or anything. I am an experienced hunter. The howls sounded more like eery ghosts!  Just after the howling (each time), we'd hear the coyotes start their cackling.  With the howls, my children would say (in the whispering fearful voices), "what's that Mom?"  I told them I didn't know.  At that time, I never thought of Bigfoot. In the summer of 2000, my children left to visit with their father.  I was all alone on the 600 acres, with my dog Lucy Catahoula/Husky mix) and my 5 cats.It was very quiet with the children gone.  One night my dog Lucy started going crazy with barking and I suddenly heard coyotes all around my house.  I believe they were after my cats.  I ran out into the yard where I had a large bell attached to a pole.  I began ringing the bell and yelling, "Get out of here!"  I kept yelling as they began to run away.  I continuing with the yelling "Get out of here" as I ran around my yard.  Just beyond the light of the porch, at the edge of the darkness near my driveway gate lined with shrubs, I yelled once more.  Something just in front of me, in the total darkness, growled deeply and loudly back at me!  I was completely surprised and the first thing I thought was, "That's weird, coyotes don't usually growl back at people!"  I wondered why this one was so brave and wasn't running off with the rest of them. Not being a bigfoot follower at that time, it never crossed my mind to be scared.  I responded to the growl with, "Oh yeah?  I'm going to get my truck!"  I ran into the house, grabbed my keys, and got out into my Ford Ranger.  I backed it up and turned the headlights straight into the shrubs by the driveway.  I saw something that looked gray in color. It turned, jumped right over my barbed wire fence and started running humped over or on all fours, across the tall grass pasture next to my driveway.  I was totally confused on what I might be seeing.  The only detail I could see was that the gray hair on it's back was thin and long, seeing skin underneath, and the hair was somewhat parted down the middle. I backed my truck up and headed out of the driveway to follow this thing.  I drove north on Hwy 1119, paralleling it in the field.  It finally veered off to the right and went further out in the field (towards Boggy Creek) where I could no longer see it.  I kept pondering on what the animal could have been.  Coyotes don't have long hair like that did. Now, I believe it was a sasquatch.