My wife and I were driving late in the night trying to reach the Coldwater Creek Campground near Yacolt. By the time we got there the campground was full. We kept driving and stopped at the first logging road that had a suitably flat spot for camping (we sleep in the back of our SUV). It was a short dead end logging road in a recovering clear-cut. We set up camp and went to sleep. Around 2:30 a.m. my wife awoke to our pet rabbit scrambling around in the driver's footwell. The rabbit had gotten down there and couldn't get back up. As my wife reached up there to rescue the bunny, she felt something firmly touch her leg. She described it as a firm press and then deliberate, downward motion. At first she was confused because we were inside the car, but then she remembered that we kept the sliding rear windows open slightly for ventilation. The spot where she was touched was pressed against that opening (we built a sleeping platform in our car that puts us near the level of the windows). She heard nothing super obvious, but immediately afterward she thinks she heard a couple of extremely light footfalls. We stayed mostly silent for about an hour, just listening for anything, but heard nothing else. I finally mustered the courage to peek out a window, but couldn't see anything. The next morning we found very large, muddy fingerprints on our car, near where my wife was touched. We have pictures of these prints which we would be glad to submit. In the photos you can see where I tried to recreate the prints with my own fingers. I have medium sized hands and the prints are MUCH larger. We looked around a bit taking note of things. On my wife's side of the car was only a fairly narrow strip of road, and after that was dry, crunchy grass and brush. Whatever touched her had to be able to walk along that narrow strip, otherwise we would have heard it in the dry brush. It also had to be tall enough to reach the window. We feel these factors probably rule out four-legged animals. We considered the idea that a person could have been messing with us, but there are some issues with that which make us skeptical. First, we feel a person wouldn't have been so quiet. Second, we find it hard to believe someone trying to scare us would have simply touched her leg, left prints, and called it good. More than likely a person would have taken things farther than that. That would really be showing a lot of restraint for a prankster.  Last, the prints would have been a VERY large person. One who also though to get their hands muddy beforehand. 