Event: My hunting partner and I arrived at our favorite camping/hunting spot, known to hold turkeys year after year.  Upon our arrival around 6:30PM, we noticed previous campers had left garbage, a cooler, and cooking utensils/pots/pans in a pile. Two logs, resting in small pine trees above the pile were cris-crossed in a "teepee" fashion above the garbage pile. We found this was unusual as many years in a row, this particular spot was always maintained - i.e. fire pit always cleaned/put out, no trash, barbed wire access gate always closed. After driving for 6 hours to arrive there, we didn’t put too much thought into it (other than being irritated that we were going to have to remove the trash left behind) as we were both tired from the drive, and wanted to set up camp.  My partner has a ¾ ton 4wd pickup with a camper on the back, which we didn’t remove from the truck bed, but left on.  After getting the truck unloaded, and camp set up, we cut up some downed firewood, built a fire, ate some snacks, drank a single beer each while planning our strategy for the next morning’s hunt, then retired to the camper for the night. At 2:43 AM, we were both jolted awake by an extremely loud bang on the back door of the camper.  My immediate reaction was to ask my partner “What the F*** was that?”  His response was chambering a round into his pistol.  My first thought was “I think someone threw a rock at the camper” while looking out the side window – all I could make out was the silhouette of the trees, with a half moon and stars.  After approximately 10 seconds or so he had turned on all outside flood lights, and the interior lights and he opened the back door.  After finding/observing nothing outside (no rocks) I noticed that the side window blinds had fallen down and I suggested that possibly the noise we heard was the blinds falling down.  Although being jolted awake, we both thought that could be it, and drifted back asleep.  We both slept lightly (uneasily) the remainder of the night. We awoke at approximately 5:00am, and hunted until about 8:00am or so and returned to our camp for something to eat and drink.  After having time to reflect on what had happened in the middle of the night we both agreed that whatever happened, the window blinds falling down was a by-product of the “bang” not the cause of the noise we heard. I can’t even begin to describe how loud or forceful the bang/slam was.  We can even remember the door latch vibrating from the impact.  We began to attempt to recreate the noise by banging the sides of the camper and hitting the awning supports off the back of the camper, with no luck.  We could only attempt to recreate the sound and impact by slamming an open hand on the rear of the camper, but it still didn’t quite do it justice.  No dents, scratches or marks of any kind could be found on the camper anywhere including the roof.  No activity the following night, and left Thursday AM. Given the lack of any tracks in camp, the presence of a cooler (containing food, beer, energy drinks) garbage sacks with 2 empty beer bottles and food wrappers we thought we could eliminate bear activity as bears are opportunistic feeders – thinking the cooler or garbage would be easier access?  Noise from an animal milling around garbage/cooler vs. slamming the door of the camper? In an area that holds multiple species of animals including whitetail deer, moose, black bear, cougar, coyotes, wolves, we just couldn’t think of any animal that would have the ability to have done anything like that.  Not to mention the way in, as well as the day we stayed there was a conspicuous absence of turkey/animal activity or even sign/tracks.  Normally hunting our 5 mile square area, we see at least 10-20 deer per day, have seen bear (3 times in 6 years), have had a cougar encounter 300 yards from camp in previous year.  While not successful every year, we at least see and get responses from turkeys…not this year.  Woods were quiet unlike every year we have been there previously. We considered the people aspect, but if you are approaching a camper during hunting season we thought the last thing you would want to do is announce your presence with the likelihood that the people inside had firearms (which we did).  If the intention was to steal then camp chairs, full cooler, generator, nice plastic totes should have been taken. All the above detail is provided to confirm what my partner and I are thinking, which is why we are submitting to this site.  Our thought is that a single or perhaps group of Sasquatch are in the area, and were upset that we were in their hunting area and tried to make us leave by a heavy open handed slap on the back of the camper – to explain lack of dents/scratches etc?  Perhaps previous campers left in a hurry due to garbage/cooler/cooking utensils left behind? I would be interested to talk to an investigator to provide additional details regarding this event.  I don’t want to share the exact location in this report publicly, as it is a place that while probably well known to a few, it isn’t to a lot, and would like to keep it that way. But might help an investigator better understand the area and help debunk or provide validation to our assumption. Thank you