It all began with my father in law. He had an encounter of something huge and making an un familiar noise he said he had never heard before. He is a 70 year old man and great guy. I recall laughing and making fun of him. Then the tables turned, I was in the woods alone hunting in the 2015 hunting season.I was in my stand and had several deer come in but they seemed very skidish. I drew my crossbow down on a nice buck and pulled the trigger. My arrow seemed to find its mark. I allowed about 45 minutes to go by and it began getting dark. As I climbed down out of my stand I began hearing some unusual noises. Kind of like I screaming growling noise. Now I'm soon to be 50 years old myself and as my father in law said to me. These were sounds that I had never heard before in the woods or anywhere else. I called my father in law and told him I had a deer down and asked if he could meet me out in the woods to help me get the deer out. He told me he was in Terre Haute Indiana, and that it would be close to an hour before he could even get home. I was too embarrassed to tell him I too was feeling pretty uneasy. I tried to keep him on the phone but he had to get off the phone.so I began tracking the deer I found really good blood. And was sure the deer didn't go far. As I started down a small hill I began hearing these noises again. It was as if I could feel these screaming growling noises in my body. I kept hearing what I thought may have been falling tree branches or something. I looked up on this hill side 30 yards from me and seen a sillhouette of something huge. I quickly headed out of the woods and continued hearing the noises all the way out. I called my father in law and told him about my encounter. He laughed and said you mad fun of me. We returned the next morning to find the blood trail  where I left off and we knew the deer had to be close due to the amount of blood. And then it was as if the deer just vanished.. We began working in circles to find nothing. There was a steep cliff to the east of where we found the last blood. We looked down torward the creek to find nothing. But the smell in the woods was as it was the night before. A very strong pungent odor. Kind of a cross of something dead and the urine of many different types of animals. I felt eyes on us the whole time we were out there. We went back several times without success. Then in April I went out to the same location mushroom hunting, I found that the woods was  very quiet. I didn't find any mushrooms so I headed out through the North end of the woods to look at deer sign. When it hit me, the smell it was so strong , I began hurrying to get out of the woods as I got to the edge of the woods to an area we call the  grassy area and there it was a foot print. A single foot print it was the left foot and was very large . The print was a good one very detailed you could see the toes and everything.I wear a size 13 and this print was way bigger than my foot. This area is about three miles from the Kickapoo state park in Vermilion county Illinois. I have never been frightened in the woods in all my life. I spent my whole life in the woods hunting most of every species in our area. I coon hunted in the dark by myself and never been as frightened as I was with this encounter.