I only wanted to tell you that I saw a big foot in the 1990's possibly early 2000. I don't remember the date. I didn't document anything. Early one beautiful spring morning after my husband left for work, as i do many times is I looked through the mini blinds outside toward the barn behind the house. I was just gazing out the window wind I saw what looked like a bigfoot walk out of the tall weeds upon the hill. He (or she) but my senses tells me it was a he. He sensed me looking at him immediately. He waived his hand as if he was saying forget about you.. he continued to walk behind the barn on his merry way. I never looked at him anymore. I could tell immediately he didn't want me looking at him. I never pursued it any further. I've never seen another one since this. My husband thought I was nuts and ignored me. I didn't talk to anyone about it for years, but now that the monsters, finding bigfoot shows are on, my husband now believes they really exist. The one I saw was as shiney black as could be, looked very clean and neat as if his hair had been combed. His hair was all over his body but his face was a bit different than some of these on tv. He was more black like leather around his eyes and mouth. His hair neatly laid around his face. My guess he was approximately 8 or 9 ft tall. He looked more muscled not rugged at all. I live by a bottom which many of us that has lived here all our lives have known of some wild species seen down there. I've been told including devil worshipers. A friend and a buddy of his took the dogs to hunt down in the bottom one night and they smelled an awful smell and the dogs turned around and ran home fast as they could..so of course they ran home fast as they could. He commented it scared him to death! These boys hunted all the time and I believe this incident stopped their hunting altogether. I don't know if anyone else has ever seen bigfoot. It used to be no big deal to go into the woods at night around here but most people dont do that anymore. Only some 4wheelers possibly. Well I also live near Washington County lake in Nashville, IL. I read the story of a man fishing one night and his experience with one of these creatures. I know that area and I wouldn't doubt it, for it is very secluded. Water, woods, and seclusion they seem to like. Thank you for letting me tell you my little story. Not much, but I saw one plain as day and in the daytime.