Location: 2334 River Mountain Road Delaware, AR 72835 35.309576, -93.375676 I saw a white Bigfoot in Arkansas, circa 1976-1977. It was during the summer, probably July or August. It was around 8 in the morning. I was on vacation with my family to see relatives. I was walking across the road to go see my friend who lived across the road. This is in a very secluded area and these were the only two houses in the area. It was all dense trees, except for this one area that was cleared of trees and had a pond in the middle of it. I looked out to my left and saw this very tall white thing walking. It was walking along a barbwire fence from my left to right (East to West) from one tree line to the other. As my walking slowed trying to comprehend what it was, a fear came over me. Fortunately it hadn't spotted me yet. I looked to my left in front of me was a tree stump next to a barbwire fence. I instantly crouched down and moved as quick as I could without drawing attention to myself and to position myself behind the stump, and I continued to watch it walk out of sight. Fortunately it never did look in my direction. I never saw its face or hands but the hair seemed silvery white, similar in shades to aluminum foil. I later figured out that the barbwire fence that ran around that whole area was 4' tall. It was easily double the height of the fence, so I would say in the 8'-10' tall range. It was slender and not bulky like Patty from the Patterson-Gimlin footage. I only ever told that friend about it, because I didn't know what it was and wondered if my eyes were playing a trick on me, because back then, no one ever heard of a white bigfoot, let alone realize that they come in all colors, similar to human hair. Technicals: [[Matt Moneymaker's note: To see the location in Google Earth simply copy and paste these coordinates into the Search box 35.309576, -93.375676 then click the Search button.]] [Witness:] Google Earth tells me the distance was 700', though it felt like it was about a football field. Also, on the maps there is a clearing to the left of the road, that was all trees back then. And the clearing on the other (right) side of the tree line was all trees too, you can see that they are tree farming a lot just outside of this area. Also none of those other houses were there. My family owned about 500 acres there and my uncle lived there. We lived in LA but would go back there every summer. Sidenote: This is the same text I use to re-tell this story. I have posted this elsewhere. I also don't want to use my real name, but have no problem with talking about it. Jaimie Los Angeles, 2015