We had things happen that we did not realize were possibly Bigfoot related. 1. There was a owl that would hoot every night. Louder than any owl I have ever heard in my life. We used to joke that it must be as big as a man.  It was also slightly off sounding. Also, it called like this all year long. Not seasonally. 2. Our kids became afraid to sleep in their rooms. They said someone was watching them. They never saw anything, but said they just felt weird. So they slept in our room with us. One night around 2 a.m. we were all woken up by a pounding on our house. Pounding so hard on the other side of the house that our bedroom windows were rattling. My husband yelled and it didn't let up at all. Just a rythmic pounding. Our gun case was in the room closest to the banging. My husband jerked that door open, grabbed his gun and ran outside with a flashlight. There was nothing there. He ran around the house and still didn't see anything. The next day we walked around the house looking for prints of some sort and there were no visible prints. The grass was very thick and lush at the time. Our nearest neighbors were over a mile away. This was about June 2002. 3. We had a momma goat that gave birth to twins. We found her and one baby dead by a pond about a mile from the house. Not much left of either except the hides. We thought it was coyotes or maybe a mountain lion, but even then it seemed unlikely. More like they were carried there. No drag marks anywhere. 4. Our new neighbors and their children came over for dinner. My husband and our neighbor went to check Gates and cattle in a pickup. The kids were playing outside in the yard and the wife and I were talking in the living room with the door open so we could hear the kids. About 45 min before sunset her 13 year old son came up to the house and told us he was scared. His mom asked why and he said he heard something weird in the woods. He was starting to tear up while he was telling us but his mom said oh stop that, go play. And he did. I yelled at the kids and told them to come closer to the house and stood with the door open listening. I thought I heard something off in the distance, but I thought maybe it was a bull and sounded odd because we lived down in a narrow valley. I stayed in the doorway watching the kids and chatting and heard the sound again and told the kids to come on in, because it was kind of creeping me out. I was feeling on alert but still wasn't exactly worried. My husband is a prankster and I thought he was trying to scare me.  By now it's right at sunset and the woods about 100 yards from the house are too dark to see into. I heard the call again and I have never before or again heard a sound like that. By now the kids are freaked out, crying and telling me to come inside, my heart is pounding and I'm thinking- that's not my husband.... The sound started low and slowly went high, I have no idea how long it went on but the thing that made that sound had to have MASSIVE lungs. It wasn't a monotone sound. Almost like there were two sets of vocal cords sounding at the same time. A couple of very low sounds, almost like I could feel them in my chest more than I could hear them, and then it yelled again.  It sounded like the call came from the other side of the creek about 150 yards from the house, directly in front. I was more stunned than scared at this point, but my eyes were watering and I did feel strangely sad suddenly, and I had backed all the way up to the door. Right then the guys came back, from the opposite direction of the calls. We told them what we heard and they listened but heard nothing, grabbed some flashlights and ran down to the creek and followed the creek about a quarter mile but didn't see anything. I didnt hear it again after that but our kids never played outside close to dark after that either. After that we had some stuff moved around or missing. A couple of dogs disappeared and one night it sounded like rythmic tapping on the water pipes in the house in the middle of the night. My husband even crawled under the house to find out what was going on but saw nothing. The next day we saw the pin was pulled on the latch for the well house (by the creek) and the door was standing open. Just odd things like that. We didn't spend time outside at dusk or night after the August incident.