My encounter happened in June of 2006 outside of West Memphis, AR between 4:00 and 5:00 pm. My then seven-year-old son and I were driving in my truck one afternoon to go feed our horses which we kept at my cousins home who live about twenty-five miles outside of town. We had decided to take a shortcut and get off of the paved county road and turn onto a small gravel road that ran beside a railroad track for about ten miles. There is a large frozen food warehouse on the corner of the county road and the gravel road but nothing else around. After we had passed the warehouse is when the creature leaped across the road in front of my truck. It happened very quickly. It cleared the road entirely in one leap and never touched the gravel road. It came from my right to my left and I nearly hit the creature with my truck before I could stop. I came within approximately two feet of it with the front of my vehicle. As I said before it was in mid-air when we first saw it. The creature appeared to be around four feet in height may be slightly taller and was covered in reddish-brown hair all over that was about four to six inches in length. It was like hair not fur because it was thin and flowing in the wind unlike what fur would do. The creature was lean and somewhat muscular and it's arms seemed to be disproportionately long for its size. If I had to compare it to something I would have to say it looked similar to an orangutan but I'm sure there were no orangutans on the loose that day in eastern Arkansas. I'm not sure what it was but I am certain of what it was not. It was not a dog, coyote, deer, bear or anything that I've seen before except for some sort of ape. My son said, "Dad did you see that?" I said, "Yeah I did son." He said, "What was that a monkey?" I laughingly said, in order to comfort him, "I don't know. It was either that or a baby bigfoot." When the creature landed across the road there was some very tall grass for several feet and beyond that the train tracks and beyond that thousands of acres of farmland with several patches of woods everywhere. When it hit the ground it took one step into the grass and then the creature just seemed to disappear. I stopped my vehicle and waited for a few minutes in hopes of seeing it again but we never did. And just like that, it was gone. It disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. For years now I have often thought about the incident and just exactly what it was that we saw that afternoon. I believe that it was a young sasquatch and it had been dumpster diving behind that frozen food warehouse, though I can't be certain. I've often wondered if there was an adult one nearby that we never saw. Because of that, I'm really glad now that I didn't get out and pursue it which had crossed my mind to do at the time. Well, that's my story and you can choose to believe me or not it makes no difference to me but I know what I saw and I can tell you that it's real, there really is some unknown bipedal creature or ape or whatever out there and we were just lucky enough to see one. They're real!