Hello! I've grown up in Idaho around 18 years. I've hunted,fished and did all outdoor things like camping etc..  All over Idaho I have been outdoors and seen about every wild animals tracks,sounds and sign I thought was in this state. Before I found what I did I was a skeptic but not a believer  till this day.. I was living in Oregon at the time and had came back to visit family for the summer and spend my birthday with them, I was 24 at time. I went camping with 3 friend's that day. We got there around 2-3 in the afternoon. We set up our tents started a fire and we just sat around the fire talking until around 5. Then we decided to hike to the south east point of the rivers bend nearest to us. The hike there we had to go through lots of willows, brush,trees etc.. On the way there we ran into a cow moose and it had a calf moose with it. It was an intense stare down as I was not even 15 feet away from it and I could see it's hair on its back intensely sticking up as I started to move me and my friends around her. We got around here and ran into a young bull moose and found an old fallen down cabin. By the time we were done exploring around there we moved forward to the rivers end of the bend. I was at the front walking up on the bend point, it was thick with willows up until 15 feet from the flowing rivers water. That 15 feet was just pure sand all at the tip of this bend. I started to walk to the river's edge when I seen some huge prints walking out of the water up on to the sand bank about 8ft out of from the waters edge and then it walked slowly back into the water. It was one of the biggest most bizarre tracks I've seen and how they moved in and back in the water was just weird. I counted 10-11 tracks coming out of the water and back in the water. I wear size 12 shoe and my foot next to its foot made mine look small. It was approx 19in long and it looked just like "a huge human footprint huge". Its strides were over double mine and Im 6ft. I showed my friends and we looked for more tracks but that's all the tracks we could find was the ones coming from the water out of the water and into the water by that time it was starting to get dark and we needed a start the hike back so we started the hike back. It's something I've never seen and will never forget. That day I recorded the tracks and took pictures with my foot next to its foot but I of course lost the phone snowboarding in Bend the winter after. Its kinda creepy the unnatural sounds I've heard all over the mountains and woods across Eastern Idaho but never thought about bigfoot cause I had never found any FOR SURE tracks. PS.. the red line is the way we hiked and the black line is where it came in and out of the river.