The incident that I am reporting occurred at Jumper Cemetary, Jay Oklahoma in 1979. Jumper Cemetary is located east of Jay on Hwy 20, then turn on the first dirt road to the right, and follow it to its end approximately 1 mile to the bottom of the hill. One evening in September of 1979, my friend and I were sitting at Jumper Cemetary about dark on a full moonlit night. As we were sitting there, I heard the sound that I thought was a deer walking down the ridge. I told my friend, "Listen! There's a deer coming down the hill." We sat there and listened as the sound made it's way down the ridge from town. The west side of the cemetary has trees grown up along the fence row for about half the distance of the west side. A little further down is a platform between two huge oak trees used to place food on when they are having funerals. The sound came to the bottom of the holler on the west side of the cemetary. The cemetary is enclosed by a hog-wire/barbed wire fence about 4 ft tall. Then the sound proceeded to come up the hill between the trees along the fence row and the platform for food. As we listened to this sound come toward us, we were incredulous as we saw a large hairy man looking thing walk up to the fence and step over it. We watched as the animal (it stank tremendously) walked across the cemetary toward a huge tree in the middle. As it came under this tree, its head was just below its lowest branch. Apparently, at this time it became aware of us, as it turned its head and looked over its right shoulder at us. When it saw us, it didn't run, but it began to walk very fast toward the southern border of the cemetary. When it got there, it, again stepped over the fence. When it got to the timber, it crashed through the trees making a terrible racket. I looked at my friend and asked him if he had saw what I had. He replied that he thought that he had. I had never mentioned this to anyone for fear of being ridiculed, because not only did we see what we took to be a "Bigfoot", but the one that we saw was white. Some ten years later, I was teaching at Kenwood, located in the extreme western portion of central Delaware County. We were watching a video called "Legends of the Ozarks". This video recreated a scene that supposedly happened near Fayetteville, Arkansas. This recreation showed exactly what my friend and I had seen. Thereafter, I spoke about this incident to some of my elderly friends and relatives who have lived in the area all of their lives. Some of them also admitted to having seen this beast at some point in the past, but like me had never said anything due to the fear of being ridiculed. I know what I saw; it doesn't matter if I am believed or not. I myself was incredulous at the time. My mind had a hard time accepting what my eyes were seeing. I can see this in my mind today, just as if it had happened moments ago.