I was northeast of Macy Nebraska along the Missouri River taking part in an expedition hosted by members of the Omaha Indian tribe. We were on the Omaha Reservation.  These tribal members say they've had many sightings in the hilly bluff zone extending for miles along the west flank of the Missouri River Basin. Five of us had decided to take a day hike to see a possible “X” structure. As we started up the path it became known that to get to the “X” we’d have to veer off the main path and bushwhack through the weeds. Two people did this while three of us decided to stay on the clearer but muddy path. (I still have never seen this "X" but pictures are available.) As we headed up the trail one of my Native American companions said he was hearing movement in the woods to our right. At this point we could not see very far off the path as trees and brush blocked the view. I did not hear the movement. We continued forward and came to an area where trees had been cut down in the past. We could see maybe 40-50 yards back into the forest. Two of us looked to our right as soon as we made it to this clearer area and immediately saw movement. I saw a long light brown object that was swinging downward from a horizontal position toward. It was not indicative of any other animal that I can think of and was bent slightly at an apparent elbow. I could not see a hand because of the brush. At the time of the sighting the other witness started telling us what HE just saw. He said “I just saw one” and described seeing the whole upper body of a light brown Sasquatch. Apparently when it noticed us it started to drop down and move to its right (our left) behind cover. He said as it was ducking down the arm had swung way up in the air and back down, and he demonstrated. His description and demonstration exactly matched what I had seen. He did not know that I had also seen it as he was telling me his story. I took a picture of the area where the sighting happened. This subject was behind and to the right of a stick pointing upward. On July 27th 2018, I revisited the location with BFRO investigator T. Bell and hacked my way back into this spot. We determined that the top of the stick is about 11 feet high, making the top of the swinging ‘arm’ at around 9 feet tall. On the day of the sighting I was not prepared to bushwhack back into the site where the subject was seen. I was better prepared when we returned on July 27th. I have already done an interview with the BFRO investigator just after our recreation attempt. This subject was MUCH larger than me. It could very easily be 10 + feet as it was already ducking away when I saw it.