Today me, my mother and my son were coming back from a doctors appointment for my son. We were driving along a road that we have been many times. It's a nice little stretch of road with a great view. The land is beautiful with lots of natural Florida woods with swamp areas. There are also many orange groves in this area. It's not uncommon to see turkeys, hogs and occasional deer. The pasture land has cows on it from time to time. When this sighting happened there were no cows around. It was about 12:15 pm. The weather was over cast and it was going to rain at any minute. No other cars around. We passed one after the sighting down the road when we turned around to go back. We have had a ton of rain in this area lately. As we were traveling down the road we came up on this swampy area in a very large oak hammock. My 17 yr old son was the first to ask if me and my mother saw that? My 72 year old mother said yes but what was it? I said I saw it too...we keep driving for about 2 minutes we said nothing then my mother said turn around and go back. We all saw something and we need to go back and look. So I turned around and went back. But it was not there as far as we could see. We pulled up to the area and just sat there. All of us trying to figure out what we saw. We all saw a human like figure standing out in the middle of the marshy swampy area up to it's waist in water. The figured appeared to be a dull brown color. It was wide across the shoulders with hair and looked like moss hanging from it. It was standing up with it's long limbs away from it's body. The head was kinda down. The shape of the head was different. My oldest son described the head as different from a human. We are not sure what exactly it was doing. In the past we have seen cows out in this marshy swampy area. My Mother was trying to justify what she saw hating to admit that it was beyond strange. But she did admit at how very strange it was. I turned the truck around and we headed home. We talked about it a little more and then just let it die. We had a very stressful morning after coming from an appointment to see if my son had cancer. He did not and we were all so dazed seeing that was over kill. Very emotional day.