My friend and I traveled on an old logging trail about 2 miles in my pickup in a heavily forested area about 20 miles northeast of Duluth, Mn. Close to the mouth of the Big Sucker river. I had to stop the truck as we approached a very old bridge that had been washed out years before. We were deep into the woods at this point. The nearest house was probably 4 miles away, close to highway 61. I had never been this far on this trail by truck, however, I have hunted grouse in this area on foot before, sometimes walking for hours. We got out of the truck and walked over to the small broken down bridge and looked around, no way to get across so we started talking and etc. All of a sudden we heard a series of screams and howls in the area across the bridge from us. "It" was getting closer and louder. Being a woodsman, I checked the wind and observed that the wind was blowing our scent toward the screaming and howling entity. We could hear crashing and breaking of large branches together with the terrible screams and decided that it had zeroed in on us and that we had better get the hell out of there, fast! The hairs on my arms stood up and my adreniline kicked in. Both of us ran to the truck and locked the doors. I rolled down my window on the driver's side as I was turning the truck around and I could still hear the thing coming closer. I could not see too far into the thick brush but I knew that it was close. We finally got the truck turned around on the narrow one-lane road and fled. My friend was so afraid that she didn't want to ever talk about it again. I am a native of Northern Minnesota and I have hunted, fished, and hiked many areas up there and I have never heard anything like that before. I was also trained as a big game guide in Montana and no animal fits this description that I know of. I now live in Auburn, Washington and still do some exploring up in the mountains near Greenwater. I am armed when I venture up into the hills now, not only with a pistol but with my camera. Another thing that I might mention is that I recently heard a recording of Bigfoot on the radio one night that made me get goose bumps all over again. That recording brought back the memories of my experience as it was EXACTLY what I heard so long ago in northern Minnesota.